Docker compose improvements (#68)
uwblueprint/shoe-project: README.md

```bash
yarn start
```

## Authentication
All the `create` endpoints are protected, which means you have to login before you can make POST requests to these endpoints.

1. Make sure that you have the latest `.env` file (pinned on Slack channel) in the *root* of your `shoe-project` directory.

> 2. It's best to do `docker-compose down && make setup` before starting your backend server: `make docker-setup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. It's best to do `make clean-docker && make setup` before starting your backend server: `make`
```
